WAYS TO MAKE A GIFT

Whether through scholarships, facilities and equipment, annual gifts or beyond, your gifts can impact our work here every single day.

College of Engineering
Giving
Ways to Give
Give Online

Make a gift of any size using Visa, MasterCard, American Express, or DISCOVER cards. You can honor or remember someone with your gift.

Send a Check

Checks payable to Auburn University Foundation should be mailed to:

College of Engineering
Attn: Office of Development
1320 Shelby Center
Auburn, AL 36849
Please note your preferred area of support on the memo line.
Endowments

Endowments provide permanent, self-sustaining sources of funding for the university. You can create an endowment in your name or in the name of someone of your choosing. Endowments are created with a minimum philanthropic investment of $25,000 – either as an outright gift paid over time or through a bequest from your estate.

To learn more about establishing an endowment at Auburn University, call (334) 844-2100 or email endowments@auburn.edu.

Gifts in Kind

Both tangible and intangible personal property can be gifted to Auburn University.To inquire about a potential gift in kind, please call (334) 844-8725 or email rondablythe@auburn.edu

Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT)

EFTs, or monthly bank drafts, are a convenient way to establish regular support for Auburn.

To begin an EFT or make an inquiry, please contact a staff member by calling  (334) 844-1427 or email  augiving@auburn.edu.

Stocks

By donating common stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and other appreciated securities, you may also receive tax benefits that include avoiding long-term capital gains tax and income-tax deductions.

Before transferring a stock gift to Auburn, please call (334) 844-0433 or email stock@auburn.edu to learn how best to expedite your donation.

Matching Gifts

Your employer may double or even triple your gift to Auburn University. Your employer’s Human Resources department can provide details and a matching gift form.

Learn More

Real Estate Gifts

Gifts of donated property – primary and vacation homes, undeveloped land, commercial property, farms, and timberland – can be immediate or planned gifts.

Learn more about donating real estate to Auburn.

Estate Planning

Provide support for Auburn in your estate. Our planned giving team is available to discuss your options – including opportunities to receive return income or other financial benefits during your lifetime. Learn more about your options.

To discuss your estate planning goals, contact the Office of Gift Planning at (334) 844-7375, or email plannedgiving@auburn.edu.

Corporate and Foundation Giving

Philanthropic partnerships with Auburn University foster positive business, academic, and community relationships for corporations and foundations.

To learn more about how your company or foundation can partner with Auburn University through charitable giving, please contact a member of the Corporate and Foundation Relations team at havard@auburn.edu or (334) 844-8765.

Haley Schuffert

Development Coordinator
1320T Shelby Center
Auburn, Alabama 36849

334.844.4508