EAGLE SOCIETY
ABOUT

The Samuel Ginn College of Engineering’s vision is to be the best student-centered engineering experience in America. We are fortunate to have hundreds of alumni, faculty and friends who share this vision and have remained committed to supporting our college in ways that truly impact our pursuit of excellence. By participating in our Engineering EAGLE (Exceptional Annual Gifts Lift Engineering) Society, you are making a significant investment in Auburn Engineering and a huge impact in the lives of our students, faculty, staff and programs.

Engineering EAGLE donors are loyal alumni and friends whose gifts of $1,000 or more during the calendar year provide vital resources for ensuring quality programs, and the college’s success is due, in no small part, to the commitment of EAGLE members. These gifts can be designated for a particular department, program or project, or they can remain unrestricted to be used at the discretion of the dean.

EAGLE MEMBERSHIP BENEFITS
Virtual recognition in the Auburn Engineer magazine’s annual Cupola Report.
Advanced opportunity to lease season-long game day parking for Auburn’s home football games in the Engineering Drive and Wilmore Drive lots, based upon previous year's giving. Parking registration begins in early May.
Opt-in enrollment in the EAGLE Society annual medallion and Shelby Center for Engineering Technology print.
Biannual video message updates from the Samuel Ginn College of Engineering.
A special end of the year holiday card from your Auburn Advancement team.
Opportunity to participate in the college’s GradConnect mentoring program through one-on-one relationships with other Auburn Engineering alumni as a mentor, mentee or both.

To encourage a higher percentage of young alumni giving, we are discontinuing the Associate EAGLE designation and introducing Sam's Circle, a giving society made up of young alumni who have graduated 10 years ago or less and have given any amount to the college during the calendar year. To learn more about Sam's Circle, please visit here.

If you have any questions about the EAGLE Society, please contact us at eagle@eng.auburn.edu

If your name or communication methods have changed, please ensure our records are updated so you do not miss out on your membership benefits by submitting this information at auburngiving.org/update .

Medallion Opt-in
Give Now